# Midterm

## Q1

### Part 1

In part 1, I generate processor values for 50 days, 100 per day. I calculate the percentage of viable and EHP processors
according to the percentages given. I then count how many processors per day fit that amount, and plot it. This results
in a plot that is in a straight line. The time it takes to find EHP processors each day is plotted for comparison to
part 2.

### Part 2

In part 2, I generate processor values for 50 days just like in part 1, then I make an assumption that I will find at
most 1 EHP processor per day. I calculated the value the processor needed to have to be considered an EHP processor,
Then, if one was found, it stopped immediately and moved on to the next day. It does this repeatedly until it gets
through all 50 days. The time it takes to find an EHP processor each day is plotted.

## Q2

### Part 1

In this part I have 2 nested for loops checking for 24 months for each area. I plot for each area and show them all at
once.

### Part 2

I'll be honest, I'm not quite sure when to move them. The yield in each area is quite erratic. Because of this, I can't
say I'd change them from where they are now. If I'm wrong and it would be better to move them, there's a decent chance
I coded the algorithm in Part 1 wrong. In that case, I would move the teams to different areas when that area appears to
have a more consistent yield, but would be watchful in case the yield begins to drop off.

## Q5

I'll be honest, this course is a bit difficult for me. The hardest thing for me is the mathy stuff. I know that's an
important part of this course especially with the types of algorithms we need to learn about, but math isn't something
that comes easily to me. Most of the details surrounding the math behind the algorithms we use go right over my
head. I know there are definitely people in the class that understand the math, because I see their engagement in class
when we talk about these algorithms. But I'm also sure there are other students like me who have a hard time with this
stuff. I would love it if the presentation of these subjects could take less mathy people into greater consideration.

I very much appreciate the flexibility you have in this course and that you make yourself accessible to people who have
questions through meeting with you in person and via Discord.

Also, one thing I've been wanting to point out for a while is that while you say your english isn't great when students
are confused about what's being asked for assignments, I'd personally say your English is great. I would never have
guessed that English is your second language. I think the issue would be solved by greater elaboration in assignment
requirements. The language used in assignments thus far is completely understandable, but at times there is a lack of
detail in what is being asked by particular questions. Greater detail would likely solve the problem. So don't worry,
students are not under the impression that this is an issue because of the quality of your English. I know you mention
this in the midterm question prompt, but I thought I'd offer greater detail than I have previously when discussing this
with you.
